[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a fantasy horror
film the curse of sleeping beauty
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
thomas is recently haunted by the same
dreams
in which he finds himself all alone in a
wilderness
there he sees two stone monsters parting
a prince's bed
in the bed lies a sleeping but sexy
beauty each time when thomas tries to
kiss the sleeping sexy
he would have an unbearable headache and
then is awakened up
feeling puzzled and unrest once more he
would rather stay alone at home
with no intention to step out and talk
to anybody
even when his friend invited him out he
would refuse saying he has to be busy
working at home
later he goes to see the psychologist
but is told that he might have developed
sleep paralysis
fermented by the sleep disorder and the
recurring dream thomas tries to find a
way out
one day thomas receives a call from a
local law firm
he soon learns that a man who claims to
be his uncle has committed suicide
and leaves him a huge property named
kaiser gardens
when he sees the picture of that manner
thomas is astonished to find the manner
looks exactly the same
as the one in his dreams his uncle
leaves a letter to him
saying the males of their family have
been cursed he has spent over 40 years
taking care of the manner
and now he's overwhelmed so it is time
he leaves it to thomas
at the end of the letter uncle stresses
the taboo in the manner again
never enter the basement which is sealed
driven by his curiosity
thomas goes to the ghastly kaiser
gardens holding a flashlight
he walks into the messy manner among
dust and hold junk and finds the wood
door to the basement slightly open
he goes in and looks around cautiously
suddenly he hears a weird sound from the
wooden door
frightened he immediately flees away
from the basement
while he comes up to the lobby he sees a
blonde
they self introduce to each other and
thomas knows the blonde linda is a real
estate agent for this property
hearing that uncle leaves nothing else
special but a letter
linda wears a complex facial expression
and attempts to check the letter
thomas says he leaves the letter in his
car hearing that linda changes the topic
and leaves the matter hastily later that
night thomas sees the sleeping sexy in
his dream again
this time however he kisses her
successfully and wakes her up from her
long sleep
the sleeping sexy tells thomas she has a
kind of horny connection with him
and she has been waiting there for
thomas's wake-up kiss all along
their conversation is soon interrupted
by something horrible
and thomas wakes up frightened by a
masked monster
the next day the real estate appraiser
is sent by linda
to help with the value of the property
the appraiser tells thomas there have
been people missing nearby in recent
years
and all the clues point to this haunted
manner the appraiser also reminds thomas
from the structure map
there should be a hidden chamber in the
basement which makes thomas more puzzled
eager to know what's happened in the
matter thomas comes to read the manor
files
and he finds a script which has the same
handwriting as linda's
but while he is about to call linda he
suddenly suffers a searing pain
in a trance he sees the masked monsters
again
as soon as the pain is gone thomas comes
to meet linda immediately
begging her to let him know the truth
linda has to reveal to him what she got
from her investigation
it comes out to be her elder brother who
went missing right in this matter
and 53 people have been missing during
the past 125 years
while linda is ready to leave thomas
falls down to the ground because of a
great ache in his body
when he's put under medical examination
in the hospital thomas sees the sleeping
sexy again in his dream
where she tells him he's the only one
who could wake her up and it's the
masked monsters who can find her in the
dark
since she is connected with thomas when
he stays far from the manor
she would be weakened and even be caused
to death
when thomas awakens the next morning he
finds that he's been taken back to the
manor
linda even tells him that while he's in
hospital he struggled to go back to the
manor
and to her surprise when he reached the
manor he turned normal instantly
and stayed calm moments later linda
shares with thomas a shocking finding
based on her investigation
that every male successor to that
haunted garden is doomed to die of some
accident
the two then decide to cooperate with
each other in order to figure out the
secrets behind the tragedies
and the death of linda's brother soon
thomas takes linda to the entry of the
basement
which is sealed firmly but later thomas
is shocked to find he can even open the
shrine door with his blood
as they walk in slowly they come to a
study room used by his uncle
and find a book with seals placed on the
table as thomas checks the book
carefully
linda just tears the seals off of the
book before they have time to check the
book
the lights begin to flicker and strange
sounds grown from in the dark
much to their shock the wooden puppets
all come to life and approach them
in terror to scream out loud and rush
upstairs
outside the house they are picked up by
a paranormal investigator
who is hired by linda to investigate the
house soon after
linda shows thomas some photos about the
ghosts hunting the kaiser gardens
the investigator tells thomas there's a
kind of spirit called gin
and somehow many jeans are attracted to
kaiser gardens
and turn it into their lair those wooden
puppets attacking them in the house
should be the genes who are able to
possess inanimate objects
the investigator also speculates that
thomas may have some connections with a
house
an annoyance thomas then goes out for
some fresh air and checks the mysterious
book
in which he sees the sleeping sexiest
confined up helpless
he believes that he must wake up the
sleeping sexy so as to break the curse
and set everybody free
trying to figure out what's exactly
described in the book written in an
ancient language
they find code breaker a friend of linda
to decipher the book
at the same time when the appraiser
comes to kaiser gardens as scheduled
he finds nobody there and thus keeps
asking for thomas
following the strange noises upstairs
however he's soon attacked by the evil
spirits
after hours of hard work the code
breaker successfully deciphers some part
of the book
and reveals to the rest a hidden history
of kaiser gardens
soon they discover that the family curse
even dates back to the crusades
when thomas's ancestor sacrificed a
virgin bride to the demon
in exchange for the victory of their
crusader war however
the sacrifice summoned the evil libelus
who cast a curse on thomas's family
and put the bride sexy in an eternal
sleep they deduce that iblis wants to
occupy the girl sexy forever in that way
so they have to awaken the sleeping sexy
to break the curse
attempting to learn more though the
group have to stop there for the
remaining parts have not been deciphered
yet
right then dudu is staying away for too
long thomas starts to suffer huge
pain the rest have to rush him back to
kaiser garden
while arriving there they're terrified
to find the appraiser has been killed
with no time to waste they race to the
basement and following the instructions
thomas crushes open the door to the
underground tunnel through it they
search slowly to a corner
where they find many people made into
wooden puppets including linda's brother
right then much to their shock all the
puppets come to life
and launch their attacks in order to
save the investigator from
attack linda has to smash her puppetized
brother
while on the other side the code breaker
finally deciphers the remaining part of
the book
he's terrified by its contents but
unable to deliver and time the important
message to people in the basement for
they have already made it to the shrine
room
with the masked monster on guard while
linda and the investigator distract the
masked monster away
thomas bypasses it and finds sexy
sleeping inside the confinement
he bites his lip to make it bleed and
then kisses the sleeping sexy without
any tongue massage
shortly after the sleeping sexy awakens
from her sexy sleep
but wears a pretty vague facial
expression it's revealed that from the
rest of the book deciphered
the sleeping sexy turns out to be the
real demon who's just been released by
his bloody kiss
but the bloodline of thomas and his
family possesses the power to unleash
the demons
and his body even stores many demons
inside
by pretending a helpless angle the
sleeping sexy keeps seducing and
misleading thomas in his dreams
she finally takes control of his mind
and makes him her puppet
break the seal on herself that's why his
ancestors kept the truth in the
mysterious book
trying to warn their offsprings to stay
away from the sexy demon's attractions
unleashed from the seal the evil sexy
soon kills the masked monster
who's actually there to prevent the real
demon from being unleashed
later she takes thomas out of the house
and then summons him to unleash all
demons stored inside his body
the sky is turned totally dark and the
world is brought to the apocalypse all
of a sudden
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out